h1. About the PatentSafe Checker

h2. Overview

The PatentSafe Checker is a simple Ruby script which can be used to check the integrity of a "PatentSafe":http://www.amphora-research.com/products/patentsafe.html repository. It checks for both document and signature validity. 

Note that this functionality is also built into the Custodian's Console, which is a commercial product available from "Amphora":http://www.amphora-research.com/corporate/contactUs.html. 


h2. License & Availability

The script is made available under the GPL v3, to ensure that everyone with a repository produced by PatentSafe can check it (even if they don't have a license for PatentSafe). If you improve this script for your own purposes, we'd be delighted if you felt able to share your changes.


h1. Using the Checker Script

h2. Requirements

The Checker script requires Ruby 1.8, preferably a recent version with an updated SSL which does SHA-512 hashes. 


h2. Usage Instructions

h3. Examples

@ruby pscheck.rb@

@ruby pscheck.rb -q /path/to/repository@

@ruby pscheck.rb --verbose /path/to/repository@

@ruby pscheck.rb -y 2007 -v /path/to/repository@


h3. Command Line Usage 

To run the checker @ruby pscheck.rb [options] path_to_repository@


For help use: @ruby pscheck.rb -h@

h3. Options:

| -h, --help | Displays help message |
|  -v, --version | Display the version, then exit |
|  -q, --quiet | Output as little as possible, overrides verbose |
|  -V, --verbose | Verbose output |
|  -y, --year | Only scan year given |
|  -x, --exceptions | Path to file with a list of known exceptions these files are skipped during validation |


h2. Exceptions File

Known exception file format - each file listed on a new line with a space after the :, e.g.
@DOCID: Explanation/comment/note@. Here is an example.
<pre>
  AMPH9900011803: This file is corrupt because the hard-drive crashed
  AMPH9900011804: This file is known to be corrupt 20 Apr 07
</pre>

h1. About this document

This document is formatted in "Textile":http://hobix.com/textile/